My head got expanded after watching this movie. No logics, worst acting. Rhythm leading a happy life and about to have her second child,is traumatized by the nightmares in which she sees umberlla man harming her lost son. She sets off on a dangerous journey, along with her trained dog, to unravel the secrets behind the nightmares and to protect her loved ones. Cinematography Was Exceptional Seems to Be Lit Confusing Thriller Keerthi Suresh Career Best performance As She Holds it Up till the End. The story of the movie was very nice. The making of the movie is very good. Of course the actress proved herself as a best actress again.the film shows the love and caring of every mother towards their children.
The plot is about a pregnant mother still searching for her son kidnapped 6 years ago. It then gradually develops to finding the kidnapper and finally finding his motive. Keerthy Suresh was top notch in this film that has majority of the scenes involving only thrills, silence and gloom. The Director has explored something new like - psyche of a 6-years kidnapped child, depressed mother. Though, the last part of the film felt cinematic, it is definitely a good one worth watching from this Director.
A Good Thriller With a Good direction lack of depth for the other characters except Keerthy Suresh Keerthy Suresh carries the full movie with a good note. Those paranoid scenes are good Cinematography and Bgm are Done well A Watchable Movie but not upto expectations. The post-production, direction, screenplay and story completely messed this up. Trailer was on another level but the movie didn't justify it. Music was fresh but unnecessary sometimes. Felt like it was rushed without concluding plot-holes and committing to the story. Disappointed. Sorry, I had no option for 0 or half star. I gues director had not made even a single short film before this.  have never seen a worst mystery movie like this one. First part of the movie went well with suspense and thrill. Second part is not even bigger part.
I could not resist myself from leaving a proper review for the movie. A movie with zero story, no plot, false suspense with no climax. The trailer is a big lie creating false expectation. I never understood why someone has to take title of director with zero knowledge, and eye. Shiny screens are good for images, but movies are about stories. You can not just patch a false suspense with a random story ending. The director should teach himself with watching some good movies first, free advise. Anyone reading this, help yourself being away from this movie. Total waste.
The director wants to trigger sympathy out the charcter of Rhythm making her to in be advanced pregnancy. But he fails miserable to evoke the feeling of mother hood - she goes on at length to look for her son for years. Her divorce - missing child - pregnancy failed to bring empathy to her character.
Imagine a mother losing her child to a kidnapping, leaving behind the same child on numerous occasions to search for the kidnapper, while pregnant. Thats how stupid the narrative is.
